Rename gdal raster astype to gdal raster set-type (#12250)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal_raster_pipeline.rst

Details for options can be found in :ref:`gdal_raster_select`.

* set-type

.. program-output:: gdal raster pipeline --help-doc=set-type

> Details for options can be found in :ref:`gdal_raster_settype`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details for options can be found in :ref:`gdal_raster_set_type`.
```
